2016 election: Kevin McCarthy's Benghazi gift to Hillary Clinton's campaign
Houston doctors are preparing the pregnant and hopeful for a Zika outbreak.
Dick Cheney bust unveiled on Capitol; VP ended terrorism.
Trump fundraising emails overseas prompt complaints here and abroad
WADA Suspends Accreditation of Rio Laboratory
Tesla driver killed in crash while using car's 'Autopilot'
Consumer insight: date labels and storage guidance
The potential consequences of algorithmic tattoo identification.
Why This Republican Won't Vote for Trump
Actor and activist Jesse Williams gave a fiery speech at the BET Awards.
Miss Teen USA to eliminate swimsuit competition
A lot fewer American women are choosing to give birth early, thanks to Obamacare.
In lawsuit deposition, Donald Trump repeatedly called out for exaggerating wealth
Pentagon lifts ban on transgender troops
School boards, principals, and teachers endorse creationism in public school.
Trump tweets image depicting Clinton, cash and the Star of David
Trump campaign: Warren is a 'sellout'
Exclusive: NRA to run $2 million Benghazi-themed ad campaign for Trump
FACT SHEET: Executive Order on the US Policy on Pre & Post-Strike Measures to Address Civilian Casualties in the US Operations Involving the Use of Force & the DNI Release of Aggregate Data on Strike 
Iceland's new first lady-elect Eliza Reid on Iceland's soccer team.
The Supreme Court might let Bob McDonnell off the hook.
News from The Associated Press
Dump Trump contested GOP convention strategy, explained.
Scarlett Johansson Shows Off Her New Tattoo
World stocks tumble as Britain votes for EU exit
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's Ted Cruz endorsement is weak.
Donald Trump took 5 different positions on abortion in 3 days
Mike Tyson, Mike Ditka may not be Trump RNC speakers.
Pluto's moon Charon may have the tallest cliffs in the solar system.
Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel dies at 87.
Jessica's Feminized Atmosphere-The Daily Show with Jon Stewart - Video Clip
New Hampshire's the Latest State to Make Requesting Flextime a Little Bit Easier
A short history of war dolphins.
Sikh Army captain may wear beard, turban in uniform
Clinton: 7 Benghazi probes so far
Ash Carter, military brass consider high-ranking commissions for civilians.
Tennessee basketball coach Pat Summitt dies at 64.
Gov. Paul LePage and Donald Trump have succeeded through bullying, racism, and white middle class fears.
'This Is Not My Party': George Will Goes from GOP to Unaffiliated
Should Democrats have voted for Grassley, Cornyn amendments?
The American Time Use Survey says Americans have stopped hanging out. No, they haven't.
Orange Is the New Black Just Made All Other TV Deaths This Year Look C
Scott Brown suggests Elizabeth Warren take a DNA test while Donald Trump rips her as a fraud and racist
The GOP Benghazi report has 800 pages and no conclusion.
Watch Sal Capaccio's Vine "Here is Bills new HC Rex Ryan's dad Buddy punching his own team's fellow coordinator Kevin Gilbride during a game
VFX video breakdown shows how Game of Thrones' Battle of the Bastards' effects were made.
2016 General Election: Trump vs. Clinton
Istanbul airport explosions: 36 dead, 147 injured, Turkish officials say
Donald Trump is a fool on Brexit in Scotland.
Yes, there actually are people who believe the Clintons killed Vince Foster
Brexit protest draws thousands in London
Wyatt Cenac discusses his comedy showcase, Night Train, premiering on Seeso.
Don't Toss That Sour Milk! And Other Tips To Cut Kitchen Food Waste
The U.S. Senate Votes to Advance a Bill to Aid Puerto Rico
Lessons from around the world.
Hold The Phone: Should Apple Be Able To Block iPhones From Recording At Concerts?
Hillary Clinton Holds 5-Point Lead Over Donald Trump, Latest Poll Finds
The U.K. is 87 percent white.
Nestl offers $11.5B for Hershey
Brexit Will Put the U.S. Back Atop the World GDP Rankings
Where to Eat at O'Hare International Airport (ORD), Spring 2016
UPDATE 1-S&P downgrades Kansas in another blow to Brownback tax cuts
Gingrich reverses course on trade as Trump VP chatter swirls
Newt Gingrich discusses the merits of Donald Trump.
Chris Hayes on Brexit, Bernie Sanders, and Hillary Clinton.
Watch Mila Kunis and Kristen Bell in the Bad Moms trailer.
How I Acted Like A Pundit And Screwed Up On Donald Trump
Military seeks more time on transgender policy
'JIMMY THE GREEK' FIRED BY CBS FOR HIS REMARKS
TSA looks to prior service members to fill ranks
Are nurse strikes worse for patients than doctor strikes?
TV is killing off so many characters that death is losing its punch
President Obama and Justin Trudeau's Bromance Reigned at Three Amigos Summit
Istanbul Airport Attack Leaves at Least 41 Dead
Istanbul airport attack: Turkey blames Isis as new details emerge of assault
Iraq takes back full control of Fallujah from ISIS.
24 Dead in West Virginia Floods; Search and Rescue Continues
The murder the New Yorker never mentioned
KDOT issues record $400 million in bonds, exceeds previous debt cap
Holoportation and virtual immigration will transform the global economy.
Judi Dench gets cliche tattoo, proves she's human after all.
How bad will Brexit get? Here's what top economists are saying.
Google and Amazon 'Snuff Out Competition'
The Monday Slatest newsletter.
February national polls are the best you get until August
U.S. Senator for Oklahoma Senator James M. Inhofe
Donald Trump in Scotland on Muslim Ban: I Don't Want People From 'Terror' Countries
The Daily Show's Jessica Williams on Race, Comedy, and Her Role in "Girls."
Making Lemonade from Lemons
A tactical look at the Battle of the Bastards in Game of Thrones (VIDEO).
Game of Thrones cocktails to make at your finale party (VIDEO).
The Sonoma Stompers are set to make more history by signing two women to their roster
Nanotecture by Rebecca Roke proves that small-scale architecture isn't just about tiny houses.
Racist Incidents Have U.K. Worried What Referendum Wrought
Ila Borders pitches in minor league game
Michael Gove to stand in Tory leadership contest and says 'Boris is not a leader'
Wave of racist, xenophobic incidents reported across U.K. after Brexit vote.
Trump campaign spends lots at Trump-owned businesses in May.
To solve travel stress, couples should vacation together but fly alone.
George Will says GOP Trump message is what made him leave
Boris Johnson to campaign for Brexit in EU referendum
Mogadishu Ambassador Hotel attack: 13 dead
David Frum on where the Republican Party can go after Trump.
Slate is now hiring.
Poll: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump run neck-and-neck
Trump Campaign Lining Up Sports Icons for Convention
Escape Tunnel, Dug by Hand, Is Found at Holocaust Massacre Site
Fox News Poll: Clinton up by 6 points, 89 percent say 'hot-headed' describes Trump
The first legal TV commercial aired on July 1, 1941, for Bulova Watch Co. Watch it.
Doctors' strikes and mortality
Do not report random election polls.
Theresa May 'bookies favourite' for Tory leader
Tichina Arnold talks improvisation on Martin, and how she handled several seasons of on-screen insults (VIDEO).
Bryan Cranston and James Franco are father-boyfriend rivals in the Why Him? trailer (VIDEO)
Donald Trump is a serial exploiter of prejudice.
What it Takes to Navigate the Marijuana Industry
England Loses by Simon Critchley
Attacks like the Istanbul airport bombing will lead to more crackdowns in Turkey.
EU tell UK to get on with Brexit already.
Donald Trump invokes Jimmy the Greek and his racist slurs.
U.S. Reveals Death Toll From Airstrikes Outside War Zones
Donald Trump hasn't actually forgiven loan, FEC says.
CBS and Paramount issue rules for fan films.
PM Cameron warns of Brexit border checks for travel from Northern Ireland to rest of UK
Big Trump checks to vets groups sent on day of media report
Theresa May's silence speaks volumes about her leadership ambitions
Biomedicine facing a worse replication crisis than the one plaguing psychology.
Labour Party MPs seek to oust leader Corbyn
Donald Trump gives free golf rounds, not cash, to charity.
Brexit, explained.
Campaign to Dump Trump at Republican Convention Emerges
Who is in the running to be the next Conservative leader?
"America First" candidate praises "Proud Germans."
Kansas cuts criticized for hurting large research universities
Diseases of Modern Life
Full transcript: Donald Trump's jobs plan speech
CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY ON PENTAGON TRANSGENDER POLICY CHANGE
Americans are watching more TV and working less, new federal data show
Small meteorite hits house in Thailand.
Socialising in America: The decline of an American institution
Bury Your Gays: Why 'The 100,' 'Walking Dead' Deaths Are Problematic (Guest Column)
KDOT issues record $400 million in bonds, exceeds previous debt cap
Labour in crisis: Tom Watson criticises Hilary Benn sacking
Congress voted to repeal Don't Ask, Don't Tell. Will gay soldiers who were kicked out of the military be able to re-enlist?
Pentagon officials: Repeal of ban on transgender service members coming within weeks
Iceland just beat England to advance to the quarterfinals of the European Championship.
Science undervalues novelty. How can we encourage more iconoclasm?
Merkel, Hollande, and Renzi push for a speedy Brexit.
How Marijuana Companies Are Fighting the IRS
Report: Donald Trump spied on Mar-a-Lago phone conversations.
'We need to kill more people'
A national catastrophe, and a vacuum in leadership. This is what Britain voted for
The project Diseases of Modern Life shows how similar 19th-century worries about technology are to the present day.
Jupiter Orbit Insertion Press Kit
Racist incidents feared to be linked to Brexit result
A leap forward in quarterly earnings stories
Will I need a passport to enter and leave an independent Scotland?
Ukip leader Nigel Farage's 2010 plane crash while campaigning, in pictures
Donald Trump finally weighs in on sweeping Supreme Court abortion decision
Slate's terms of service.
Dramatic Video Shows Fire in DC Metro
Theresa May basks in praise after Abu Qatada deportation
Meet The Trans Scholar Fighting Against The Campaign For Out Trans Military Service
Elizabeth Warren is auditioning for VP on the campaign trail with Hillary Clinton

Clinton, Trump are in a statistical dead heat, according to latest polls.

Most Americans Want More Federal Money To Stop Zika: Poll
The media keeps misfiring when it writes about guns.
Video of Clint Eastwood's RNC speech.
David Cameron's text Boris Johnson saying Ed Miliband will be PM if you don't shut up
Digital Ad Spending to Surpass TV Next Year
Donald Trump Has A 20 Percent Chance Of Becoming President
Why I'm Ending My Boycott of German Cars

            
Trade & Jobs: Is Free Trade Hurting the American Economy?
The Ugly Side Of Italian Football
Mondelez Said to Have Approached Hershey With Takeover Offer
Trash creates obstacles for Rio 2016 Olympic sailors
How the European Championship explains a divided Europe.
Boris Johnson will not seek to become U.K. prime minister.
Trump Campaign Parts Ways With Digital Consultant
Margaery Tyrell was one of Game of Thrones' greatest characters.
AIA
Brexit result: Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness calls for border poll on united Ireland
Pat Summitt, legendary women's basketball coach, dies at 64
Lawyer Roberta Kaplan defeated DOMA at the Supreme Court.
Exclusive: Trump supporters more likely to view blacks negatively - Reuters/Ipsos poll
Somalia: Deadly al-Shabab attack on Mogadishu hotel
Is Hillary Clinton finally about to meet with the FBI?
Apprentice crew members on their old boss, Donald Trump.
The U.S. and its neighbors want 50 percent of their energy to be clean by 2025. Easy.
Satellite images show ISIS, other groups destroying archaeological sites.
Pentagon set to end ban on transgender troops as early as next week.

Two new planets show hot Jupiters can migrate early.

            
Trump deletes tweet with image of the star of David, Hillary Clinton and money
Pope says Church should ask forgiveness from gays for past treatment
Russian Olympic track and field team will be banned from Rio over doping violations, reports say.
Automating lab research could help resolve the reproducibility crisis.
How to think and talk constructively after the Zimmerman verdict.
Trump goes silent on Supreme Court abortion ruling
Escherichia coli O26 Infections Linked to Chipotle Mexican Grill Restaurants (Final Update)
China and the global balance of power
On second thought Donald Trump realizes he disagrees with his own punish women abortion policy.
Congressional Republican investigations of Iraq and Benghazi compared.
Brexit: Merkel says 'no need to be nasty' in leaving talks
Slate Plus podcasts
Why Legal Weed Shops Are Taxed at up to 100 Percent
Bill Cunningham remembered by Simon Doonan.
The Benghazi hearing was a self-destructive, partisan embarrassment for the GOP.
The least Xenophobic Euro 2016 team to root for.
Istanbul airport attack: ISIS leadership involved in planning, Turkish source says
Obama administration releases civilian airstrike death data.
Volkswagen reportedly agrees to nearly $15 billion settlement for emissions scandal.
PROMESA bill offers good first step for Puerto Rico's recovery
Clinton Says Knows of No Timeline to Wrap Up FBI E-Mail Inquiry
Google's New Account History Page Helps Further Control Your Privacy
Susan Collins, bipartisan Senate group back no-fly gun-control bill.

Bury Your Gays ATX Festival Panel
Midcentury posters instructing children in the use of the library.
Matthew McConaughey will teach a filmmaking class at University of Texas at Austin next semester.
Richard Posner clarifies his views on the Constitution.
Two transgender candidates named 'Misty' win primaries
About Us

What are the best ways to invest money?

      
      

      
        
        
          Stephen Colbert Has One Big Question About the 2016 Presidential Campaign
        
      
      
Supreme Court strikes down Texas abortion law HB2.
Donald Trump used foundation's money for signed Tim Tebow helmet.
Hershey rejects Mondelez takeover bid
Hillary Clinton to be interviewed in FBI email investigation
Mutilated body washes up on Rio Olympics volleyball beach

Mutilated Body washed up on beach at Rio Olympic venue.

At least 26 dead as historic floods sweep West Virginia
Rio gets huge Brazil bailout weeks before Olympics
How a volcanic eruption in Indonesia inspired Frankenstein.
Russia is harassing U.S. diplomats all over Europe
The Truth About American Unemployment
How the Game of Thrones finale relates to Brexit and other current events.

Miss Teen USA is getting rid of its swimsuit competition.
This is the best time ever to be an archaeologist.
America's Rental Housing Report Release (Washington, DC) (Event of the Joint Center for Housing Studies, Harvard University)
Cbs Fires `Greek` For Racial Remarks
Timeline of Juno Jupiter Orbit Insertion events
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Are Deadlocked, Poll Shows
It would be 'extremely difficult' for independent Scotland to join EU, says European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso
The Solar Impulse 2 airplane crosses the Atlantic on its way around the world (VIDEO).

The best of Slate podcasts for the week of June 27.
Volkswagen to Face $15 Billion Tab in U.S. Settlement
The Justin Trudeau quantum computing story is what happens when journalists bend reality for social media.
Judged by Copa America, Jurgen Klinsmann has fallen short.
Theresa May storms ahead of Boris among Tory Party membership
Today's Trump Apocalypse Watch.
AIA
Militants kill 20 hostages in Bangladesh, spare those who could recite Quran.
Where to Eat at O'Hare International Airport (ORD)

                    
Iraqi commander declares defeat of Islamic State in Falluja
Benghazi panel probes Blumenthal's work for David Brock
How Britain Voted in the E.U. Referendum
Today's Trump Apocalypse Watch.
How Brexit will impact Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Unjustified - Michael Dunn & Jordan Davis-The Daily Show with Jon Stewart - Video Clip

The Bangladesh attack is the predictable result of unchecked violence
Legal cannabis businesses pay taxes under a code reserved for illegal drug traffickers.
Justin Trudeau is the ultimate feminist dad in this new video.
News from The Associated Press
What happens next if Britain votes to leave the EU?
Milky Way light pollution visibility problem worsens (VIDEO).
Eat Me by Lor-K is a series of discarded mattresses turned into food sculptures on the streets of Paris.
Game of Thrones Season 6 finale sees the women of Westeros turn into stone-hearted killers.
Google's 'Magenta' project will see if AIs can truly make art
This is Your Brain on Speed
A Proud and Unwavering Believer in the Death Penalty
Sam Brownback's funding plan for Kansas is bad news for roads.
The REAL reason Sterling showed off luxury mansion
Tens of thousands march in anti-Brexit protest in London
Breaking up countries is still hard to do.
Emoji are perfect and polite ways to cut off a written interaction.
The difference between robot-generated art and human-generated art is that human art tells stories.
Puerto Rico authorizes debt payment suspension; Obama signs rescue bill
Right-winger Norbert Hofer loses Austrian presidential election.
Untamed: How to Check Corporate, Financial, and Monopoly Power
Daniel Naude photographs cows in his book, Sightings of the Sacred.
The road to nowhere in Bryson City, North Carolina, was supposed to assuage a displaced community but ended up a $58 million dead end.
Frequently Asked Questions
House votes to ban Confederate flag images from veterans cemeteries
Europe's unique light pollution law
ISIS carried out Istanbul airport attack, Turkey believes.
The New York Times crossword can be clueless about race and gender.
Misty Snow and Misty Plowright just made transgender history.
Will public transit apps create customers or citizens?
Multistate Outbreak of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli O121 Infections Linked to Flour
No, Texit is not the next Brexit.
Bangladesh Attack Suggests a Continuing Shift by ISIS
A teacher protest in Oaxaca, Mexico, turned deadly. The U.S. education debate should take note.
Is Kate Smith a lucky charm or a statistical anomaly?  Atoms and Numbers
Video
How the England national team reflects the spirit of Brexit.
Why trust busting might be the left's next big idea.

Mogadishu hotel attack kills at least 15.
By 2100, Spring Could Be Almost a Month Earlier
Clinton Foundation paid Sidney Blumenthal $10,000 per month while he advised on Libya
In historic move, two female players signed by minor league baseball team
The Oakland Police Department scandal, explained.
Trudeau jokes about his 'bromance' with Obama
Big Food Can't Close the Deal
The sit-in over gun control is a measure of how much the Democrats have changed.
Lane v. Sabine Parish School Board
Russian athletes doped, paid off IAAF, report says.
British EU vote unnerves world leaders and markets
Dear Prudence answers more questions, week of June 27, for Slate Plus readers.
Other White (classification of ethnicity in the United Kingdom)
Elie Wiesel, Holocaust survivor, activist and Nobel Peace Prize winner, dies at 87
Middle aged women like Samantha Cameron are the biggest fans of body art
Puerto Rico is about to default on some of its debt
Thousands march through London to protest against Brexit vote
Tens of thousands gather in London to protest Brexit.
Pope says gays deserve apology from church.
Sexual racism is real.
West Virginia Floods: 23 Killed, Including Toddler, as Thousands Left Without Power
EU leaders reject informal talks with UK
Paul Ryan says House will vote on gun legislation.
Q&A: Ronan Tynan
Nigel Farage on his plane crash, cancer and being leader of the Ukip party
Nancy LeVine photographs aging dogs in her book, Senior Dogs Across America.
AP Source: Volkswagen Reaches $14.7B Emissions Settlement
We Need to Talk About Orange Is the New Black's Big Death
APNewsBreak: Military Seeks More Time on Transgender Policy
F.D.A. Ruins Raw Cookie Dough for Everybody
Do Cannabis Entrepreneurs and Big Business Actually Need Each Other?
Amid cuts, Rio police ask for handouts ahead of Olympics
A new survey shows most women groom their pubic hair. Should we be concerned?
15 Marketing Strategies That Inspire Strategic Thinkers
Brexit causes investor panic in London, Europe, and Japan as pound falls by double digits
Star Trek Star Trek and the Culture of Fandom

LeBron James is the best passer in the NBA.
New vote to be held in Norbert Hofer Austrian presidential election.
The Washington, D.C., Metro, with all those delays, will make it free to double back.

Buddy Ryan and the Philadelphia Eagles ran up the score on the Dallas Cowboys in 1987 for revenge.
What is a credit score, and why is everyone so obsessed with them?
Americans' Spending on Dining Out Just Overtook Grocery Sales for the First Time Ever
Ban on transgender troops to be lifted July 1
The Friday Slatest newsletter.
WW2 Jewish escape tunnel uncovered in Lithuania's Ponar forest

I Can No Longer Recommend Raw Cookie Dough in Good Conscience
10 people injured during protest clash at state Capitol
The weight of a kilogram will be redefined in 2018 with a sharper Planck constant.
Trump Institute Offered Get-Rich Schemes With Plagiarized Lessons
CBS Dismisses Snyder
William Randolph Hearst Gave 'America First' Its Nationalistic Edge With His Admiration for Hitler's Germany
Apple patents technology that can block iPhone cameras in sensitive locations.
Hershey Should Give In to Temptation
Conservative leadership rift opens as Brexit recriminations begin
Labour MPs prepare for leadership contest after Corbyn loses confidence vote
Rethinking race and genes.
The Mormon diversity of Mitt Romney and Jon Huntsman, and the black diversity of Herman Cain.
Donald Trump wants to deport 11 million migrants: is that even possible?
England picked Raheem Sterling as a scapegoat after European flameout
Could employers be liable for forcing workers to travel to Zika-afflicted zones?
Jupiter's moons light up aurora borealis
Mitt Romney tears into GOP for not criticizing Donald Trump
How the Orange Is The New Black finale death fits into how writers treat LGBT characters.
Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace, to be adapted for Netflix by Sarah Polley and Mary Harron.
Trump fires top aide

Metro drops charge for entering, exiting station in major delays
Two women joined a minor league pro baseball team for the first time in decades.
David Daley discusses how the GOP is reshaping politics in his new book.
Google Launches "My Activity" browsing history tool.
Greenland Out of E.E.C.
Many Women Prefer to Groom, Citing Hygiene (and Baffling Doctors)
Why are Republicans distancing themselves from Trump's Gonazalo Curiel attack?
Rio Olympics lab suspended by World Anti-Doping Agency.
Gov. Sam Brownback is cutting aid to Kansas schools by $44.5 million
Mike Pence could be Trump VP, report says.
Hillary Clinton questioned by FBI as part of email probe
Trump's America First has ugly echoes from U.S. history
After Brexit, what? U.S. secessionists hankering for 'Texit'
The Latest: Trump commends Supreme Court immigration ruling
Law school professors need more practical experience.
San Francisco Metro Area Ranks Highest in LGBT Percentage
Archaeologists used technology to uncover a tunnel dug by Jewish prisoners during the Holocaust.
Americans Are Buying Less Sugar This Year
Donald Trump mistook a communion plate for an offering plate.
Hillary Clinton's sweeping executive power agenda is unprecedented
Trump on Elizabeth Warren: 'You Mean the Indian?'
Volkswagen to Pay $14.7 Billion to Settle Diesel Claims in U.S.
The Disorder of Spoiled Children
Why do we feel compelled to tweet about our most embarrassing moments?

Indiana's Mike Pence 'In Play' as Possible Trump VP Pick
Statement by Secretary of Defense Ash Carter on DOD Transgender Policy > U.S. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE > News Release View
Tesla crash raises concerns about autonomous vehicle regulation
Gingrich praises NAFTA for shipping out American jobs
Republicans should speak at Trump's Cleveland convention.
A third of voters think Hillary Clinton has an "advantage" because she's a woman. What?!
How the Ankara bombing could hurt the war against ISIS.
THE DEADLIEST D.A.

Brexit: France overtakes UK as fifth largest economy as pound value falls
Angels in America, Anthony Trollope, and more reading recommendations from Slate and around the internet.
Sources: Donald Trump Listened In On Phone Lines At Mar-A-Lago
Comedian Defends 'Achmed the Dead Terrorist' Puppet Routine Against South African Ban
Creationism in Texas public schools
The Slow Death of American Entrepreneurship
Ego depletion, an influential theory in psychology, may have just been debunked.
{{meta.fullTitle}}
A risky gamble to manage gentrification in North Philadelphia
Zika bill fails because of Planned Parenthood, Confederate flag, ACA provisions.
Experiences over stuff is a tired, and sexist, idea.
Ed Miliband fails to look normal while eating bacon sandwich ahead of campaign tour
West Virginia flooding kills at least 26.
House Democrats mistakenly release transcript confirming big payout to Clinton friend Sidney Blumenthal
Pound plunges after Leave vote
Acclaimed Italian pianist Ludovico Einaudi plays his elegy for the Arctic among the glaciers (VIDEO).
Ex-Va. governor Robert McDonnell guilty of 11 counts of corruption
Ila Borders
Kansas transportation secretary Mike King to step down in mid-July
Supreme Court overturns Bob McDonnell corruption conviction.
Bill Clinton's surprise Loretta Lynch visit isn't a scandal but is a problem.
Labour's Game of Thrones: Jeremy Corbyn's leadership in crisis as Brexit shadow cabinet revolt gathers speed
Obama signs Puerto Rico debt plan into law.
Here's why Nigel Farage pulled out of last night's Channel 4 debate with Jeremy Paxman
Should we adopt a nonwhite baby?
Jessica Williams' last Daily Show episode has her question Bernie-Trump supporters, say goodbye to Trevor Noah and correspondents (VIDEO).
Good Chicago-style pizza in the O'Hare terminals?
Apple granted patent for way to stop iPhones from taking photos at concerts or sensitive locations
Donald Trump, defender of the American worker, sure used to love outsourcing.
Dump Trump Movement Planning for Convention Floor Fight
OITNB Season Finale Recap: She Was a Person -- Vulture
Paul LePage

            
Trump's performance raises hard question: Who'd want to be his VP?
Thousands at 'March for Europe' Brexit protest

West Virginia flooding leaves at least 24 dead
Trump gets more heat for self-congratulatory Tweet

Hardly anybody wants to speak at Trump's convention
High-tech prosthetic limbs can ignore the needs of users.
The Victorians had the same concerns about technology as we do
Only listen to me, not my staff.
In new poll, support for Trump has plunged, giving Clinton a double-digit lead
Page Not Found :(
What does Sansa Stark really want? Looking for clues in the Game of Thrones season 6 finale.
Why Donald Trump's Tax Returns May Prove He's Not That Rich

                    
Donald Trump is much less impressive than a good Scandinavian garbage fire.
Can Donald Trump even count on a convention polling bounce?
Hershey rejected takeover bid from Mondelez.
Can an Algorithm Write a Better News Story Than a Human Reporter?
How far do EU-US sanctions on Russia go?
Updates on terror attack at Istanbul airport.
Keeping Up With the Joneses trailer features Jon Hamm, Gal Gadot, Isla Fisher, Zach Galifianakis (VIDEO).
Game of Thrones season 6 finale, reviewed.
Solar Impulse: Light, large-wingspan solar plane attempts around-the-world flight.
Software Heritage from Inria wants to preserve old versions of computer code.
The Thursday Slatest newsletter.
Sidney Blumenthal, Hillary Clinton, and the Foreign Agents Registration Act.
EU governments pile pressure on UK to leave as soon as possible
Robin Hardy, director of The Wicker Man, has died.
Kevin McCarthy Hillary-Benghazi comment is officially a gaffe.
Mackevision reel shows work on settings, extras, and more (VIDEO).
The British are frantically Googling what the E.U. is, hours after voting to leave it
Clinton Opens 12-Point Lead on Trump as Two-Thirds See Him as Biased (POLL)
Tesla autopilot crash victim Joshua Brown was watching a movie when he died.
The Public Domain Review
The mechanics of leaving the EU
Did Nate Silver actually get anything wrong about Donald Trump?
Reports of "No more Polish vermin" signs left outside primary schools in Huntingdon
Several people stabbed as neo-Nazis clash with counter-protesters in Sacramento.
Trump's Pants on Fire tweet that blacks killed 81% of white homicide victims
Deaths reported amid widespread flooding in West Virginia.
Metro Shouldn't Reward People for Bailing on Trains
Jeremy Corbyn Automatically On Ballot In Leadership Challenge, Legal Advice Shows
Self-Driving Tesla Was Involved in Fatal Crash, U.S. Says

The Wednesday Slatest newsletter.
Carr: Nothing sorry about Trump One
Study: 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' repeal had no negative impact on military
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
AP's 'robot journalists' are writing their own stories now
What happens now the UK has voted Brexit

The titillating and terrifying collapse of the dollar. Again.
Escherichia coli O157 Infections Linked to Alfalfa Sprouts Produced by Jack & The Green Sprouts
David Cameron will resign as U.K. Prime Minister before October
Trump promised millions to charity. We found less than $10,000 over 7 years.
Kinetic Characterization of 100 Glycoside Hydrolase Mutants Enables the Discovery of Structural Features Correlated with Kinetic Constants
Read the Full Transcript of Donald Trump's Jobs Speech
David Petraeus speaks on torture, terror, and gun control.
When driving a semiautonomous car becomes harder than piloting a semiautonomous plane.
Trump no longer supports full ban on Muslims entering U.S.
Will Obamacare hikes affect our election like NHS affected Brexit?
Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science
Not waxing is the new juicing, or something.
U.S.-led strikes pound Islamic State in Iraq, kill 250 fighters

CLINTON PLAYS UP PRO-NAFTA 'MOMENTUM'
NBC/WSJ Poll: Clinton Leads Trump By 5 Points
Meet the Founders Who Grow the Mother of All Cannabis Plants
Why do great white sharks converge on a mysterious point in the Pacific every year? (VIDEO)
Conservative MPs in uproar as Boris Johnson 'rips party apart' by withdrawing from leadership contest after ambush by Michael Gove
The daughter I left as a baby is trying to reconnect.
Bernie Sanders blew it.
How the need to control food and money is unhealthy.
David Beckham says he doesn't regret wearing that skirt

American Bridge organization as of May 2015
Scott Brown staffer does "Tomahawk Chop" to mock Elizabeth Warren.
EU Referendum: Farage declares 'independence day'
Why I'm Not Watching Season 4 of "Orange is the New Black"
The Daily Show had the worst possible response to the Supreme Court's Texas abortion decision.
Howie Carr kicks off Donald Trump's Maine rally with Native American 'war whoops' mocking Elizabeth Warren
Jessica Williams Was Brilliant on Race and Gender on 
All 160 Dead Lesbian and Bisexual Characters On TV, And How They Died
Supreme Court affirms constitutionality of affirmative action.
Notes on repeatedly attempting and failing to watch the 2016 European Championship while in Europe.
The best movies coming to Netflix, HBO, Amazon, and Hulu in July.
Mourn dead characters at their virtual graveyard.
Fateful O'Hare Airport pizza meeting sealed Brexit vote deal: British media
Ruth Bader Ginsburg says Texas abortion arguments are beyond rational belief.
Michael Gove rules out running for Tory leader and says his friendship with David Cameron will survive the referendum
News from The Associated Press
News from The Associated Press
The Friday Slatest newsletter.
WHO'S ON FIRST? ANSWER IS BULOVA, BUT THERE WERE NUMEROUS EXPERIMENTS ON TV DIAL IN THE EARLY DAYS
What to expect from JunoCam at Jupiter
Senate confirms Eric Fanning as first openly gay Army Secretary.
Warnings 'xenophobic' Brexit campaign 'has spurred a surge in racist abuse on the streets'

A letter to a Bernie-or-bust voter.
Source: Hillary Clinton To Meet With FBI On Saturday
Trump's surrogate handlers quit.
West Virginia Appeals for Help After Deadly and Destructive Floods
Elie Wiesel, Auschwitz Survivor and Nobel Peace Prize Winner, Dies at 87
Donald Trump is the inevitable result of decades of GOP denial of reality.

Can the United Kingdom government legally disregard a vote for Brexit?
Juno set to orbit Jupiter on July 5.
Transgender troops can now serve openly in the U.S. military.
John McCain Slams Obama Administration Move to Allow Transgenders in Military
Amnesty International USA Responds to Drone Casualty Disclosure
Meet the Republicans speaking out against Trump
Islamist militants kill 20 in Bangladesh before commandos end siege

Donald Trump on NSA phone-snooping program: 'I err on the side of security'
Hillary Clinton meets with FBI on email server
Elie Wiesel: Holocaust survivor and winner of the Nobel Peace Prize dies aged 87
Donald Trump: Recycling-plant garbage pile as backdrop for trade speech.
AIA
Jessica Williams leaves The Daily Show to work on new comedy series for Comedy Central.
Video of our future in space exploration.
Merkel sees no need to rush Britain into quick EU divorce
AIA
Why is Trump trailing? Half of Republicans wish they had a different nominee.
Obama Quickly Signs Puerto Rico Financial Rescue Bill
Northern Over Exposure - Team Rob Ford-The Daily Show with Jon Stewart - Video Clip

            
Somali Islamist militants attack hotel in Mogadishu
Susan Collins bipartisan gun-control bill unlikely to advance.
Donald Trump's response to SCOTUS abortion ruling
Elizabeth Warren to endorse Hillary Clinton.
Labour and Conservative turmoil post-Brexit, explained.
Slate's privacy policy.
Where To Find Slate Staff
Nigel Farage: Why I decided I had to stay on as Ukip leader
Elizabeth Warren would be more than a VP pick.
San Francisco Cops Jam Cell Phones to Prevent Protest
Istanbul airport bombing attack updates.
Jeremy Corbyn must quit now for his party and his country
The New Palmyra Project's 3-D models of ISIS-blasted Syrian city help preserve history.
The AP's new minor-league baseball reporter is a "robot journalist."
Trump backer Howie Carr makes fun of Elizabeth Warren with a mock Native American war cry.
Channing Tatum on Brock Turner, Jesse Williams on Black Lives Matter, and woke baes.
Juncker Calls For Speedy 'Divorce'
The Tuesday Slatest newsletter.
Brexit: Nicola Sturgeon says second Scottish independence vote 'highly likely'
A history of swearing in music.
Trump Criticizes Pequots, Casino
Pentagon expected to repeal ban on transgender members next month
News from The Associated Press
Komen for the Cure Perfect Pink party draws hundreds, raises $1M
Gov. Sam Brownback cuts higher education as Kansas tax receipts fall $53 million short
America's Investment Crisis is Getting Worse
The Voisine ruling is a triumph for common sense on guns.
The person who filmed Michael Thomas Slager was a hero. You can be too.
Why Ramsay Bolton's fate on Game of Thrones was actually disappointing.
Labor Activists Detained Amid Civil Society Crackdown
Team Clinton Spent $26M on Battleground Ads in June. Trump Spent $0.
My Four Months as a Private Prison Guard: A Mother Jones Investigation
GOP excludes birth control from Zika bill, playing political games with children's health.
Targeted Regulation of Abortion Providers (TRAP)
NRA Ad Supporting Donald Trump Appears to Be Filmed Inside a National Cemetery Despite Restrictions

Theresa May: I have no role model, I do what I think is right
Pro-Clinton Super PACs
Conservative justices protest businesses having to sell Plan B.
Author Gay Talese disavows his latest book amid credibility questions
Donald Trump endorser not enthusiastic.

How Eating Raw Cookie Dough Led to One Mom's Death, Son Recalls
Democrats block Zika funding bill, blame GOP
Impact of Transgender Personnel on Readiness and Health Care Costs in the U.S. Military Likely to Be Small
Paul LePage America's Craziest Governor
Tattoo Recognition Research Threatens Free Speech and Privacy
Theresa May criticises human rights convention after Abu Qatada affair
Sarah Vine sends Tory leadership email to a member of the public
Researchers map wartime escape tunnel in Lithuanian forest
Dilma Rousseff suspended as senate votes to impeach Brazilian president
Dear Prudence podcast Episode 4
West Virginia Flooding: At Least 24 Dead as Federal Disaster Declared
Music video for "Sucker for Pain" from Suicide Squad with Lil Wayne, Wiz Khalifa, Imagine Dragons, Logic, Ty Dolla $ign, X Ambassadors (VIDEO).
Airstrikes reportedly kill 250 ISIS fighters in Iraq as coalition forces gain ground.
Trump Campaign Broke Law by Soliciting Foreign Donations, Groups Allege
House to vote on gun legislation
Trump pays $30K to Draper Sterling. What is xeno technology?
Donald Trump used money donated for charity to buy himself a Tim Tebow-signed football helmet
Trump now proposes only Muslims from terrorism-heavy countries would be banned from U.S.
The height of the BFG and other movie giants, charted.
Mississippi HB 1523 blocked by Judge Carlton Reeves.
England lost to Iceland in the European Championship. Unleash the English despair.
Nigel Farage criticised over 'appalling' Brexit poster
FBI interviews Hillary Clinton about private email server.
United States v. Texas ties; Obama immigration executive actions blocked.
The countdown to Afghanistan withdrawal begins
The premiere of Bill Simmons' HBO show Any Given Wednesday was a real dog's breakfast.
How a rising tide of European immigrants fueled the Leave vote.
Istanbul airport attack: 42 killed; flights resume
Utah's Misty Snow makes history as Democrats' transgender Senate nominee
Adnan Syed of 'Serial': What We Know So Far as Retrial Decision Looms
Elizabeth Warren Says Apple and Google 'Snuff Out Competition'
British jury finds Hillsborough disaster was an "unlawful killing."
Mississippi anti-gay marriage law challenged by Roberta Kaplan.
Bad Moms trailer #2 showcases Christina Applegate as PTA mom from hell (VIDEO).
The biggest predictor of future violence is past violence. But mindfulness could help reform these angry people.
Ditka declines convention invite, slams Republicans for not getting behind Trump
FBI interviews Clinton aides including Huma Abedin as part of email probe
Iraqi Forces Take Full Control of Fallujah From Islamic State
Calvin and Hobbes Comic Strip, October 14, 1993 on GoComics.com
GRBs can be used as standard candles.
Kansas will pay the price for diverting money from highway fund, some lawmakers say
Donald Trump will unite Democrats behind Hillary Clinton.
Brexit: Benn Calls on Corbyn to Quit as Chaos Grips British Politics
Slate Money on religion and capitalism in America.
Benghazi panel caps 2-year probe: No bombshell, faults administration
The Wicker Man director Robin Hardy dies
CDC clears Chipotle of recent E. coli outbreaks.
A Tesla driver died in a crash while his car was on autopilot.
Brexit: Wave of hate crime and racial abuse reported following EU referendum
Pluto and Charon: The first close-up images.
Dennis Hastert plea: Guilty in case of hush-money payments for alleged high school sex abuse.

Wordsmith for Excel turns your charts into reports on-the-fly
We Are Hopelessly Hooked by Jacob Weisberg
Bloomberg columnist Josh Rogin joins The Washington Post
Olivier Roy on ISIS, Brexit, Orlando, and the Islamization of radicalism.
Today's Trump Apocalypse Watch.
Monterey Bay area scientists featured in Shark Week film, Blue Serengeti
Deon Cole Black-ish star has advice for the next president (VIDEO).
NRA will spend $2 million on Benghazi ad for Trump.
Sidney Blumenthal makes at least $200,000 a year for knowing Hillary Clinton, David Brock.
Cornwall pleas for reassurance it will not be 'worse off' following Brexit vote
Are the SATs sexist? The DoubleX Gabfest discusses.
Hospital mergers within state borders drive up costs
Dallas Cowboys: Flashback: Inside Buddy Ryan's Bounty Bowl against Cowboys
Donald Trump in Scotland: 'Brexit a great thing'
David Cameron has secured his place as one of the worst PMs ever.
CNN hires ex-Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.
Diseases of Modern Life
High-speed rail between Houston and Dallas has an eminent domain problem.
Today's Trump Apocalypse Watch.
Theresa May is Britain's answer to Angela Merkel
Why has Brexit sparked an explosion of wordplay?
Two in three Americans say Trump is unqualified to be president.
Donald Trump's VP choice could come before Cleveland, finalists include Christie, Gingrich
How to play movies on the Tesla Model S display using this 'simple' hack
Dame judi dench gets tattoo for 81st birthday
Trump tweets image of Clinton, a pile of money, and Star of David.
Jimmy 'The Greek' Apologizes For Remarks About Blacks in Sports
Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren are acting like running mates.
Brexit: David Cameron to quit after UK votes to leave EU
Hillary Clinton supporters are pretty racist, too.
Supports RFRA reform, complains about media.
Automated Insights to write AP earnings reports
ATX: The 100 writer discusses Lexa's death during Bury Your Gays panel
Jimmy 'The Greek' Is Fired by CBS
